Add release notes for 0.293 (#25222)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/release/release-0.293.rst

_______________________________
* Upgrade elasticsearch to 7.17.27 in response to `CVE-2024-43709 <https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-43709>`_. `#23894 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/23894>`_

Hive Connector Changes
______________________
* Add support for Web Identity authentication in S3 security mapping with the ``hive.s3.webidentity.enabled`` property. `#24645 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24645>`_
* Replace listObjects with listObjectsV2 in PrestoS3FileSystem listPrefix. `#24794 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24794>`_

Iceberg Connector Changes
_________________________
* Fix to pass full session to avoid ``Unknown connector`` errors using the Nessie catalog. `#24803 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24803>`_
* Add support for the procedure <catalog-name>.system.invalidate_manifest_file_cache() for ManifestFile cache invalidation in Iceberg. `#24831 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24831>`_
* Add support for the procedure <catalog-name>.system.invalidate_statistics_file_cache() for StatisticsFile cache invalidation in Iceberg. `#24831 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24831>`_

>  * Add support for bucket transform for columns of type ``TimeType`` in Iceberg table. `#24829 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24829>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for bucket transform for columns of type ``TimeType`` in Iceberg table. `#24829 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24829>`_
```

* Fix the issue of sensitive data such as passwords and access keys being exposed in logs by redacting sensitive field values. `#24886 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24886>`_
* Fix RedisProviderPlugin loading. `#24835 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24835>`_
* Improve memory usage in reader with nested readers by resetting all nested readers. `#24912 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24912>`_
* Improve ACL check by moving checkQueryIntegrity from Dispatch phase to Analyzer phase. `#24927 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24927>`_
* Improve communication between coordinator and worker with thrift serde. `#25079 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25079>`_
* Improve communication between coordinator and worker with thrift serde. `#25020 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25020>`_
* Improve how we merge multiple operator stats together. `#24921 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24921>`_
* Improve metrics creation by refactoring local variables to a dedicated class. `#24921 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24921>`_

> * Improve performance of ``ORDER BY`` queries on single node execution :pr:`25022`. `#25022 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25022>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve performance of ``ORDER BY`` queries on single node execution. `#25022 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25022>`_
```

* Improve performance of ``LOJ + IS NULL`` queries by adding distinct on right side of semi-join for it. `#24884 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24884>`_
* Add DDL SQL support for ``SHOW CREATE SCHEMA``. `#24356 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24356>`_
* Add authentication capabilities to Presto router. `#24407 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24407>`_
* Add configuration property ``hive.metastore.catalog.name`` to pass catalog names to the metastore, enabling catalog-based schema management and filtering. `#24235 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24235>`_
* Add coordinator health checks to Presto router. `#24449 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24449>`_
* Add counter JMX metrics to Presto router. `#24449 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24449>`_
* Add example custom scheduler plugin - Metrics based custom scheduler plugin. `#24439 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24439>`_
* Add support for custom scheduler plugin. `#24439 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24439>`_

> * Add type rewrite support for native execution. This feature can be enabled by ``native-execution-type-rewrite-enabled`` configuration property and ``native_execution_type_rewrite_enabled`` session property. <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24916>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add type rewrite support for native execution. This feature can be enabled by ``native-execution-type-rewrite-enabled`` configuration property and ``native_execution_type_rewrite_enabled`` session property. `#24916 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24916>`_
```

* Add view definitions from Analyzer phase to perform full integrity check on query credentials. `#24955 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24955>`_
* Add cosine_similarity function for array arguments. `#25056 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25056>`_

> * Add session property ``query.client-timeout`` to configure how long a query can run without contact from the client application, such as the CLI, before its abandoned. `#25210 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25210>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add session property ``query.client-timeout`` to configure how long a query can run without contact from the client application, such as the CLI, before it is abandoned. `#25210 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25210>`_
```

* Add a display for number of queued queries for each Resource Group subgroup in the UI. `#24830 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24830>`_

> * Add longest_common_prefix string function. `#24891 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24891>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add ``longest_common_prefix`` string function. `#24891 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24891>`_
```

Security Changes
________________
* Add security-related headers to the static resources served from the Presto Router UI, including: ``Content-Security-Policy``, ``X-Content-Type-Options``. See reference docs `Content-Security-Policy <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP>`_ and  `X-Content-Type-Options <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/windows/internet-explorer/ie-developer/compatibility/gg622941(v=vs.85)>`_. :pr:`24272`. `#25165 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25165>`_
* Add support for access control row filters and column masks on views. `#25052 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25052>`_
* Add support for row filtering and column masking in access control. `#24277 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24277>`_
* Upgrade commons-beanutils to version 1.9.4 in response to `CVE-2014-0114 <https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2014-0114>`_. `#24665 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24665>`_
* Upgrade plexus-utils to version 3.6.0 in response to `CVE-2017-1000487 <https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/cve-2017-1000487>`_. `#24665 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24665>`_

> * Upgrade zookeeper to 3.9.3 to fix security vulnerability in presto-accumulo, presto-delta,presto-hive,presto-kafka and presto-hudi  in response to `CVE-2023-44981 <https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/cve-2023-44981>`_. `#24403 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24403>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upgrade zookeeper to 3.9.3 to fix security vulnerability in presto-accumulo, presto-delta, presto-hive, presto-kafka, and presto-hudi  in response to `CVE-2023-44981 <https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/cve-2023-44981>`_. `#24403 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24403>`_
```

* Add support for custom scheduler plugin. `#24439 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24439>`_
* Add type rewrite support for native execution. This feature can be enabled by ``native-execution-type-rewrite-enabled`` configuration property and ``native_execution_type_rewrite_enabled`` session property. `#24916 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24916>`_
* Add view definitions from Analyzer phase to perform full integrity check on query credentials. `#24955 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24955>`_
* Add ``cosine_similarity`` function for array arguments. `#25056 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25056>`_
* Add session property ``query.client-timeout`` to configure how long a query can run without contact from the client application, such as the CLI, before it is abandoned. `#25210 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25210>`_
* Add a display for number of queued queries for each Resource Group subgroup in the UI. `#24830 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24830>`_
* Add ``longest_common_prefix`` string function. `#24891 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24891>`_

> * Add filter based on query state for QueryResource. For example, "/v1/queryState/state=QUEUED" will return all queued queries. `#24856 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24856>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add filter based on query state for QueryResource. For example, ``/v1/queryState/state=QUEUED`` will return all queued queries. `#24856 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24856>`_
```

=============
Release 0.293
=============

**Highlights**
==============

* Fix ROLLBACK statement to ensure it successfully aborts non-auto commit transactions corrupted by failed statements. `#23247 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/23247>`_

> * Improve performance as introducing Thrift serialization. `#25079 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25079>`_

Reviewer: Created https://github.com/prestodb/presto/issues/25259 following offline discussion.

* Add session property ``native_debug_memory_pool_name_regex`` to trace allocations of memory pools matching the regex. `#24833 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24833>`_
* Replace using native functions with Java functions for creating failure functions when native execution is enabled. `#24792 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24792>`_
* Remove worker configuration property ``register-test-functions``. `#24853 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24853>`_

Router Changes
______________

* Add support for custom scheduler plugin to the Presto router. `#24439 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24439>`_
* Fix Round Round robin scheduler candidate cluster index, by adding group specific index. `#24580 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24580>`_
* Add authentication capabilities to Presto router. `#24407 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24407>`_
* Add coordinator health checks to Presto router. `#24449 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24449>`_
* Add counter JMX metrics to Presto router. `#24449 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24449>`_

> * Remove unused line of code from router module. `#25150 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25150>`_

Reviewer: Deleted.

=============
Release 0.293
=============

**Highlights**
==============

* Add authentication capabilities to Presto router. `#24407 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24407>`_
* Add coordinator health checks to Presto router. `#24449 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24449>`_
* Add support for custom scheduler plugin. `#24439 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24439>`_
* Fix ROLLBACK statement to ensure it successfully aborts non-auto commit transactions corrupted by failed statements. `#23247 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/23247>`_
* Add DDL SQL support for ``SHOW CREATE SCHEMA``. `#24356 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24356>`_
* Add ``longest_common_prefix`` string function. `#24891 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24891>`_

> * Improve communication between coordinator and worker with thrift serde. `#25079 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25079>`_

Reviewer: There is no doc update in #25079, or or #25020. I found https://prestodb.io/docs/current/presto_cpp/features.html#remote-function-execution - is this a good doc link to add here? If not, please suggest where. If we don't have doc to link to, we can open an issue to create it. Thanks!

> * Improve communication between coordinator and worker with thrift serde. `#25079 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25079>`_

Reviewer 2: I think we'll need to create an issue for it.

> * Improve communication between coordinator and worker with thrift serde. `#25079 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25079>`_

Reviewer: Issue created! https://github.com/prestodb/presto/issues/25255

* Improve performance of ``ORDER BY`` queries on single node execution. `#25022 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25022>`_
* Add support for row filtering and column masking in access control. `#24277 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24277>`_
* Add security-related headers to the static resources served from the Presto Router UI, including: ``Content-Security-Policy``, ``X-Content-Type-Options``. See reference docs `Content-Security-Policy <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP>`_ and  `X-Content-Type-Options <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/windows/internet-explorer/ie-developer/compatibility/gg622941(v=vs.85)>`_. `#25165 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25165>`_
* Add support for SSL/TLS encryption for HMS. `#24745 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24745>`_
* Add support for the procedure ``<catalog-name>.system.invalidate_manifest_file_cache()`` for ManifestFile cache invalidation in Iceberg. `#24831 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24831>`_

> * Add support for JSON type in MongoDB. `#25089 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25089>`_

Reviewer: I'm not getting the ref-based link to https://prestodb.io/docs/current/language/types.html#json to work in a local build - other ref-based links work but I can't get this one to. I'm doing this as an external link that does work in a local doc build.

* Add support for GEOMETRY type in the MySQL connector. `#24996 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24996>`_

**Details**
===========

General Changes
_______________
* Fix ROLLBACK statement to ensure it successfully aborts non-auto commit transactions corrupted by failed statements. `#23247 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/23247>`_

> * Fix Router Round robin scheduler candidate cluster index, by adding group specific index. `#24580 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24580>`_

Reviewer 2: I think it is user facing, it means the user can now use the round robin scheduler without an error being thrown

> * Fix Router Round robin scheduler candidate cluster index, by adding group specific index. `#24580 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24580>`_

Reviewer: @jp-sivaprasad, @tdcmeehan recommended that the release note entry for your PR #24580 should link to the documentation. I can't find where in the existing Presto doc this should link to. 

Please reply with a doc link that we can add here, or that the documentation for this feature doesn't exist.

* Fix a bug in left join to semi join optimizer which leads to filter source variable not found error. `#25111 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25111>`_
* Fix a bug where a mirrored :func:`arrays_overlap(x, y) -> boolean` function does not return the correct value. `#23845 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/23845>`_
* Fix returning incorrect results from the "second" UDF when a timestamp is in a time zone with an offset that is at the granularity of seconds. `#25090 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25090>`_
* Fix the issue of sensitive data such as passwords and access keys being exposed in logs by redacting sensitive field values. `#24886 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24886>`_

> * Fix RedisProviderPlugin loading. `#24835 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24835>`_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix loading Redis HBO provider. `#24835 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24835>`_
```

> * Improve memory usage in reader with nested readers by resetting all nested readers. `#24912 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24912>`_

Reviewer 2: This needs to be written in a way that an end user can understand.

> * Improve ACL check by moving checkQueryIntegrity from Dispatch phase to Analyzer phase. `#24927 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24927>`_

Reviewer 2: This needs to be written in a way that an end user can understand.

* Improve communication between coordinator and worker with thrift serde. `#25079 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25079>`_

> * Improve communication between coordinator and worker with thrift serde. `#25020 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25020>`_

Reviewer 2: Merge together.  Link to doc on how to enable.  Reword it as improve performance as introducing Thrift serialization.

> * Improve how we merge multiple operator stats together. `#24921 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24921>`_

Reviewer 2: What does this even mean?

> * Improve metrics creation by refactoring local variables to a dedicated class. `#24921 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24921>`_

Reviewer 2: Does this need to be a release note?

Reviewer: Deleting.

* Improve performance of ``ORDER BY`` queries on single node execution. `#25022 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25022>`_

> * Improve query plans using the ``SimplifyPlanWithEmptyInput`` optimizer to convert a table scan which returns no data to an empty values node. `#25155 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25155>`_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improve query plans by converting table scans without data to empty values nodes. `#25155 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25155>`_
```

* Improve performance of ``LOJ + IS NULL`` queries by adding distinct on right side of semi-join for it. `#24884 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24884>`_
* Add DDL SQL support for ``SHOW CREATE SCHEMA``. `#24356 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24356>`_
* Add authentication capabilities to Presto router. `#24407 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24407>`_
* Add configuration property ``hive.metastore.catalog.name`` to pass catalog names to the metastore, enabling catalog-based schema management and filtering. `#24235 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24235>`_
* Add coordinator health checks to Presto router. `#24449 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24449>`_
* Add counter JMX metrics to Presto router. `#24449 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24449>`_

> * Add example custom scheduler plugin - Metrics based custom scheduler plugin. `#24439 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24439>`_

Reviewer 2: Does this need to be a release note?

Reviewer: Deleting.

> * Add support for custom scheduler plugin. `#24439 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24439>`_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add support for custom scheduler plugin to the Presto router. `#24439 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24439>`_
```

Put in dedicated section for Router.  Comb through and find other things router related and put there as well.

* Add type rewrite support for native execution. This feature can be enabled by ``native-execution-type-rewrite-enabled`` configuration property and ``native_execution_type_rewrite_enabled`` session property. `#24916 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24916>`_
* Add view definitions from Analyzer phase to perform full integrity check on query credentials. `#24955 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24955>`_
* Add ``cosine_similarity`` function for array arguments. `#25056 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25056>`_
* Add session property ``query.client-timeout`` to configure how long a query can run without contact from the client application, such as the CLI, before it is abandoned. `#25210 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25210>`_

> * Add a display for number of queued queries for each Resource Group subgroup in the UI. `#24830 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24830>`_

Reviewer 2: Go in UI section, I'd add it as a highlight

* Add ``longest_common_prefix`` string function. `#24891 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24891>`_

> * Add filter based on query state for QueryResource. For example, ``/v1/queryState/state=QUEUED`` will return all queued queries. `#24856 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24856>`_

Reviewer 2: Not user facing, remove

* Replace ``exchange.compression-enabled``,  ``fragment-result-cache.block-encoding-compression-enabled``, ``experimental.spill-compression-enabled`` with ``exchange.compression-codec``, ``fragment-result-cache.block-encoding-compression-codec`` to enable compression codec configurations. Supported codecs include GZIP, LZ4, LZO, SNAPPY, ZLIB and ZSTD. `#24670 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24670>`_
* Replace dependency from PostgreSQL to redshift-jdbc42 to address `CVE-2024-1597 <https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-24rp-q3w6-vc56>`_, `CVE-2022-31197 <https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-r38f-c4h4-hqq2>`_, and `CVE-2020-13692 <https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-88cc-g835-76rp>`_. `#25106 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25106>`_
* Remove unused line of code from router module. `#25150 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25150>`_
* Change checkQueryIntegrity function signature in AccessControl interface to pass in view definitions as params. `#24955 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24955>`_

> * Upgrade commons-compress version to 1.26.2 across the codebase to address `CVE-2021-35517 <https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-xqfj-vm6h-2x34>`_, `CVE-2021-35516 <https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-crv7-7245-f45f>`_, `CVE-2021-36090 <https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-mc84-pj99-q6hh>`_, `CVE-2021-35515 <https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-7hfm-57qf-j43q>`_, and `CVE-2024-25710 <https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-4g9r-vxhx-9pgx>`_. `#25106 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25106>`_

Reviewer 2: Security section

> * Upgrade kotlin-stdlib-jdk8 to 1.9.25. `#24971 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24971>`_

Reviewer 3: Should this go into Security Changes?

> * Upgrade kotlin-stdlib-jdk8 to 1.9.25. `#24971 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24971>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Upgrade okio-jvm version to 3.9.1. `#24971 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24971>`_

> * Upgrade slf4j version to 1.7.36. `#24971 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24971>`_

Reviewer 2: Not user facing, remove

Prestissimo (Native Execution) Changes
______________________________________

> * Fix REST API call ``v1/operator/task/getDetails?id=`` crash. `#24839 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24839>`_

Reviewer 2: Not user facing, remove

> * Upgrade snappy-java version at 1.1.10.4 across the codebase to address `CVE-2023-43642 <https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-55g7-9cwv-5qfv>`_. `#25106 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25106>`_

Reviewer 3: Should this go into Security Changes?

> * Upgrade snappy-java version at 1.1.10.4 across the codebase to address `CVE-2023-43642 <https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-55g7-9cwv-5qfv>`_. `#25106 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25106>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Fix issue with PartitionAndSerialize re-using only keys from the first batch of data. `#25015 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25015>`_

Reviewer 2: Rework into user facing release note

> * Improve http message body parsing. `#24941 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24941>`_

Reviewer 2: Not user facing, remove

> * Add BinarySortableSerializer tests with VectorFuzzer. `#24954 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24954>`_

Reviewer 2: Not user facing, remove

> * Add runtime metrics collection for S3 Filesystem. `#24554 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24554>`_

Reviewer 2: Please link to documentation.

> * Add supported for sort in PartitionAndSerialize operator. `#24953 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24953>`_

Reviewer 2: Rework into user facing note.

* Add support for bucket transform for columns of type ``TimeType`` in Iceberg table. `#24829 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24829>`_
* Replace RowDelta with AppendFiles for insert-only statements such as INSERT and CTAS. `#24989 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24989>`_

JDBC Connector Changes
______________________
* Add ``list-schemas-ignored-schemas`` configuration property for JDBC connectors. `#24994 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24994>`_

Kafka Connector Changes
_______________________
* Add support for optional Apache Kafka SASL. `#24798 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24798>`_

MongoDB Connector Changes
_________________________
* Add support for JSON type in MongoDB. `#25089 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/25089>`_

MySQL Connector Changes
_______________________
* Add support for GEOMETRY type in the MySQL connector. `#24996 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24996>`_

SQL Server Connector Changes
____________________________

> * The driver sets the encrypt property to ``true`` by default. To connect to a non-SSL SQL Server instance, you must set ``encrypt=false`` in your connection configuration to avoid connectivity issues. This is a breaking change for existing connections. `#24686 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24686>`_

Reviewer 2: I don't understand what this means, it needs to be written according to our guidelines.

> * Note: Starting from this version, the driver sets the encrypt property to ``true`` by default. To connect to a non-SSL SQL Server instance, you must set ``encrypt=false`` in your connection configuration to avoid connectivity issues. This is a breaking change for existing connections. `#24686 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24686>`_

Reviewer 3: Maybe just start this note with "The Driver..."

> * Note: Starting from this version, the driver sets the encrypt property to ``true`` by default. To connect to a non-SSL SQL Server instance, you must set ``encrypt=false`` in your connection configuration to avoid connectivity issues. This is a breaking change for existing connections. `#24686 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24686>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The driver sets the encrypt property to ``true`` by default. To connect to a non-SSL SQL Server instance, you must set ``encrypt=false`` in your connection configuration to avoid connectivity issues. This is a breaking change for existing connections. `#24686 <https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/24686>`_
```
